feat(doc): update maintenance doc (#2454)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/runtime/pages/how-a-bdm-is-deployed.adoc

A BDM is defined at *tenant* level.

> To be able to deploy or redeploy a BDM, the *maintenance mode of this tenant must be started* first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be able to deploy or redeploy a BDM, the *maintenance mode of this tenant must be enabled* first.
```

Indeed, as deploying the BDM changes the tenant classloader and all process classloaders on the same tenant, no process
can safely run during this operation.
Pausing the services means that the work service does not execute works anymore on this tenant, the Job service does not triggers any job anymore on this tenant, etc. Only the vital services stay alive, to be able to operate the BDM and the rest of the platform. Other tenants are not affected.

> After (re-)deploying the BDM, the maintenance mode must be ended to be able to use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After (re-)deploying the BDM, the maintenance mode must be disabled to be able to use it.
```
